Add C# to random number generation page (need help) (#4556)
godotengine/godot-docs: tutorials/math/random_number_generation.rst

> Putting it in your main scene script's ``_ready()`` method is a good choice::

Reviewer: When using `.. tabs`, you can't use the `::` shorthand for code blocks anymore:

```suggestion
Putting it in your main scene script's ``_ready()`` method is a good choice:
```

.. tabs::
 .. code-tab:: gdscript GDScript

    func _ready():
        randomize()

 .. code-tab:: csharp

>         public override void _Ready()
>     {
>         GD.Randomize();
>     }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    public override void _Ready()
    {
        GD.Randomize();
    }
```

You can also set a fixed random seed instead using :ref:`seed()
<class_@GDScript_method_seed>`. Doing so will give you *deterministic* results

> across runs::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
across runs:
```

.. tabs::
 .. code-tab:: gdscript GDScript

    func _ready():
        seed(12345)
        # To use a string as a seed, you can hash it to a number.
        seed("Hello world".hash())

 .. code-tab:: csharp

    // To use a string as a seed, you can hash it to a number.
    GD.Seed((ulong)"Hello world".Hash());

When using the RandomNumberGenerator class, you should call ``randomize()`` on

> the instance since it has its own seed::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the instance since it has its own seed:
```

want to use the modulo operator (``%``) to bound the result between 0 and the

> denominator::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
denominator:
```

.. tabs::
 .. code-tab:: gdscript GDScript

    # Prints a random integer between 0 and 49.
    print(randi() % 50)

    # Prints a random integer between 10 and 60.
    print(randi() % 51 + 10)

 .. code-tab:: csharp

>     //Prints a random integer between 0 and 49.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // Prints a random integer between 0 and 49.
```

    GD.Print(GD.Randi() % 50);

>     //Prints a random integer between 10 and 60

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // Prints a random integer between 10 and 60
```

<https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Normal_distribution>`__. This means the returned

> value is more likely to be around 0.5 compared to the extreme bounds (0 and 1)::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
value is more likely to be around 0.5 compared to the extreme bounds (0 and 1):
```

.. tabs::
 .. code-tab:: gdscript GDScript

    # Prints a normally distributed floating-point number between 0.0 and 1.0.
    var rng = RandomNumberGenerator.new()
    rng.randomize()
    print(rng.randfn())

>  .. code-tab: csharp

Reviewer: Typo:

```suggestion
 .. code-tab:: csharp
```

    // Prints a normally distributed floating-point number between 0.0 and 1.0.
    var rng = new RandomNumberGenerator();
    rng.Randomize();
    GD.Print(rng.Randfn());

:ref:`rand_range() <class_@GDScript_method_rand_range>` takes two arguments
``from`` and ``to``, and returns a random floating-point number between ``from``

> and ``to``::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and ``to``:
```

.. tabs::
 .. code-tab:: gdscript GDScript

    # Prints a random floating-point number between -4 and 6.5.
    print(rand_range(-4, 6.5))

 .. code-tab:: csharp

    // Prints a random floating-point number between -4 and 6.5.
    GD.Print(GD.RandRange(-4, 6.5));

:ref:`RandomNumberGenerator.randi_range()
<class_RandomNumberGenerator_method_randi_range>` takes two arguments ``from``

> and ``to``, and returns a random integer between ``from`` and ``to``::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and ``to``, and returns a random integer between ``from`` and ``to``:
```

.. tabs::
 .. code-tab:: gdscript GDScript

    # Prints a random floating-point number between -10 and 10.
    var rng = RandomNumberGenerator.new()
    rng.randomize()
    print(rng.randi_range(-10, 10))

 .. code-tab:: csharp

    // Prints a random floating-point number between -10 and 10.
    var rng = new RandomNumberGenerator();
    rng.Randomize();
    GD.Print(rng.RandiRange(-10, 10));

Get a random array element
--------------------------

> We can use random integer generation to get a random element from an array::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can use random integer generation to get a random element from an array:
```

        # We may get the same fruit multiple times in a row.
        return random_fruit

 .. code-tab:: csharp

>     string[] fruits = {"apple","orange","pear","banana"};

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    string[] fruits = {"apple", "orange", "pear", "banana"};
```

    public override void _Ready()
    {
        GD.Randomize();

        for (int i = 0; i < 100; i++)
        {
            // Pick 100 fruits randomly.
            GD.Print(get_fruit());
        }
    }

    public string get_fruit()
    {
        string random_fruit = fruits[GD.Randi() % fruits.Length];

>         // Returns "apple", "orange", "pear", or "banana" every time the code runs
>         // we may get the same fruit multiple times in a row.

Reviewer: These are separate sentences:

```suggestion
        // Returns "apple", "orange", "pear", or "banana" every time the code runs.
        // We may get the same fruit multiple times in a row.
```

        return random_fruit;
    }

To prevent the same fruit from being picked more than once in a row, we can add

> more logic to this method::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
more logic to this method:
```

.. tabs::

>  ..code-tab:: gdscript GDScript

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 .. code-tab:: gdscript GDScript
```

        # The function will never return the same fruit more than once in a row.
        return random_fruit

>  ..code-tab:: csharp

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 .. code-tab:: csharp
```

>     string[] fruits = {"apple","orange","pear","banana"};

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    string[] fruits = {"apple", "orange", "pear", "banana"};
```

    string last_fruit = "";

    public override void _Ready()
    {
        GD.Randomize();

        for (int i = 0; i < 100; i++)
        {
            // Pick 100 fruits randomly.
            GD.Print(get_fruit());
        }
    }

    public string get_fruit()
    {

>         string random_fruit = fruits[GD.Randi() % fruits.Length];

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        string randomFruit = fruits[GD.Randi() % fruits.Length];
```

\+ all usages

        while (random_fruit == last_fruit)
        {
           // The last fruit was picked, try again until we get a different fruit.
           random_fruit = fruits[GD.Randi() % fruits.Length];
        }

        last_fruit = random_fruit;

>         // Returns "apple", "orange", "pear", or "banana" every time the code runs
>         // we may get the same fruit multiple times in a row.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // The function will never return the same fruit more than once in a row.
```

> We can apply similar logic from arrays to dictionaries as well::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can apply similar logic from arrays to dictionaries as well:
```

.. tabs::

>  ..code-tab:: gdscript GDScript

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 .. code-tab:: gdscript GDScript
```

        # The same metal may be selected multiple times in succession.
        return random_metal

>  ..code-tab:: csharp

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 .. code-tab:: csharp
```

    struct MetalInfo
    {
        public MetalInfo(int quantity, int price)
        {

>         this.quantity = quantity;
>         this.price = price;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            this.quantity = quantity;
            this.price = price;
```

        }
        public int quantity;
        public int price;

>     }
>     enum MetalType

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    }
    
    enum MetalType
```

    {
        copper, 
        silver, 

>         gold

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        gold,
```

    }
    Godot.Collections.Dictionary<MetalType, MetalInfo> metals = new Godot.Collections.Dictionary<MetalType, MetalInfo>
    {

>     { MetalType.copper, new MetalInfo(50, 50) }, 
>     { MetalType.silver, new MetalInfo(20, 150) }, 
>     { MetalType.gold, new MetalInfo(3, 500) }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        { MetalType.copper, new MetalInfo(50, 50) }, 
        { MetalType.silver, new MetalInfo(20, 150) }, 
        { MetalType.gold, new MetalInfo(3, 500) }
```

        # The same metal may be selected multiple times in succession.
        return random_metal

 .. code-tab:: csharp

    struct MetalInfo
    {
        public MetalInfo(int quantity, int price)
        {
            this.quantity = quantity;
            this.price = price;
        }
        public int quantity;
        public int price;
    }

    enum MetalType
    {

>         copper, 
>         silver, 
>         gold,
>     }

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        Copper, 
        Silver, 
        Gold,
    }

```

Enum members are PascalCase in C#, and there should be an extra line after the closing brace in this case.

However, there is a bigger problem: This code is too different from the GDScript version. Either the C# code should be more like the GDScript code, or the GDScript code should be more like the C# code, or both. The GDScript code is not using enums, the C# code is. The C# code is using a `struct`, which is not possible in GDScript so this part should be changed to be more like the GDScript code.

Author: This is how I was told on discord to make the dictionary in C#. If you know how to make the dictionary in a way that's more similar to GDScript show me and I'll add it.

    Godot.Collections.Dictionary<MetalType, MetalInfo> metals = new Godot.Collections.Dictionary<MetalType, MetalInfo>
    {
        { MetalType.copper, new MetalInfo(50, 50) }, 
        { MetalType.silver, new MetalInfo(20, 150) }, 
        { MetalType.gold, new MetalInfo(3, 500) }
    };

    public override void _Ready()
    {
        GD.Randomize();
        for (int i = 0; i < 20; i++)
        {

>             GD.Print(get_meta());

Reviewer 2: This method call isn't PascalCase and isn't defined anywhere anyway.

Author: I said in the OP, I don't know how to make the function that method is for

floating-point number between 0.0 and 1.0. We can use this to create a

> "weighted" probability where different outcomes have different likelihoods::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"weighted" probability where different outcomes have different likelihoods:
```

.. tabs::

>  ..code-tab:: gdscript GDScript

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 .. code-tab:: gdscript GDScript
```

            # 5% chance of being returned.
            return "Rare"

>  ..code-tab:: csharp

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 .. code-tab:: csharp
```

            # 5% chance of being returned.
            return "Rare"

 .. code-tab:: csharp

    public override void _Ready()
    {
        GD.Randomize();

        for (int i = 0; i < 100; i++)
        {
            GD.Print(get_item_rarity());
        }
    }

>     public string get_item_rarity()

Reviewer 2: Similarly to `get_fruit`, this method isn't PascalCase and also could be renamed. GenerateItemRarity? CalculateItemRarity?

    {

>         float random_float = GD.Randf();

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        float randomFloat = GD.Randf();
```

\+ all usages

element from the array after choosing it. After multiple selections, the array

> ends up empty. When that happens, you reinitialize it to its default value::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ends up empty. When that happens, you reinitialize it to its default value:
```

.. tabs::

>  ..code-tab:: gdscript GDScript

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 .. code-tab:: gdscript GDScript
```

        # Prints "apple", "orange", "pear", or "banana" every time the code runs.
        return random_fruit

>  ..code-tab:: csharp

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 .. code-tab:: csharp
```

terrain. Godot provides :ref:`class_opensimplexnoise` for this, which supports

> 1D, 2D, 3D, and 4D noise. Here's an example with 1D noise::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1D, 2D, 3D, and 4D noise. Here's an example with 1D noise:
```

.. tabs::

>  ..code-tab:: gdscript GDScript

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 .. code-tab:: gdscript GDScript
```

            # Prints a slowly-changing series of floating-point numbers
            # between -1.0 and 1.0.
            print(noise.get_noise_1d(i))

>  ..code-tab:: csharp

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 .. code-tab:: csharp
```

            # Prints a slowly-changing series of floating-point numbers
            # between -1.0 and 1.0.
            print(noise.get_noise_1d(i))

 .. code-tab:: csharp

    public override void _Ready()
    {
        var noise = new OpenSimplexNoise();
        GD.Randomize();
        // Configure the OpenSimplexNoise instance.
        noise.Seed = (int)GD.Randi();
        noise.Octaves = 4;

>         noise.Period = (float)20.0;
>         noise.Persistence = (float)0.8;

Reviewer 2: The `f` suffix indicates a 32-bit `float` literal.

```suggestion
        noise.Period = 20.0f;
        noise.Persistence = 0.8f;
```
